Think over is Volcom back.
OK this lecture we're going to go over another tool that you can use online to quickly create photos.
This is going to focus more on quote's motivational quotes or just text overlaid on an image.
It's really simple but it's set up in a way that makes it.
You can get high quality photos made very quickly with cando.
It just takes a little bit more time.
Almost too much to deal with.
This one's optimized specifically for making photos on Instagram and then putting text on them.
OK so go to Pablo Bufford.
Come now somebody might recognize buffer we'll probably use them later Graham for scheduling our post.
But they made this as a side thing and it is completely free.
So how this works is exactly as you expected to of your canvas right here.
You have images to choose from over here you can upload your own.
Over here you can pick sizes.
Here are the filters.
And this just gives you the three most common places to put your text and then you also insert a logo
or a graphic.
Cool.
So what you would do is just take that on Instagram.
That's And about identity and then you could change or you put the text or go.
OK.
So I don't know let's say that we were making you just pick something that looks good.
Like that.
So we have coffee beans now and then you could just throw in something for you and usually put it in
the middle.
But at the top if you want to just drink coffee coffee coffee.
OK.
And then let's get the caption get the header ok.
Then you can just use your filters over here and they give you the best filters for posting on social
media.
They don't give you tons and tons and tons of filters the only ones that really make this work.
So like I was talking on the can a lecture contrasting the background makes it easier to read hatting
blur makes it easier to read and gray scaling is another one.
So what you can do is add a heavy contrast and so Durkin's that and then any white text you have here
is going to make it fit much more easily.
They also have optimized fonts which is a big one too that's really helpful.
They just give you fonts that they know look good on social media already.
All right.
These are relatively newer fonts which is great.
And if you don't have strong brand guidelines yet then you can just pick one here or you can find a
font that you like and just copy that for everything else you do.
So what I can do let's say I know they have dark contrasts I can up the size you just double click or
touching the little controller box they can change the color here change the layout.
Here is how I increase the size to that.
So that's the largest they'll go I can a little bit differently so it actually goes out the line.
OK.
Checking out the other filters you can just see the same kind of effect here with a blur.
That's great.
If you have something that just doesn't have detail in the background so you can kind of get the gist
of it and then put text right if you're talking about living a great life and you put a beach in the
background.
Even with heavy blur we'll know what it is now like Burr lur is if you actually need to see what is
there.
Same thing goes with light like contrast.
If you already have a dark image using the light contrast Well the other things they have are like grayscale
which I don't generally suggest using on Instagram.
I mean it makes it look like it's more serious.
That doesn't generally work on Instagram.
They usually like things with colors.
Now is not the case that hundreds.
That's true.
But I just rarely seen people use a greyscale effectively.
Other things here you can put a tent on it.
So this is pretty common people put like a blue or red or green tent on it just makes it stick out a
little bit especially in the album or wall section like you're looking at all the photos in that 3 column
row.
I mean one thing down here is you can just say we're going to throw on our logo I could throw in the
innovation Station want if I wanted to.
So you could just pick that text.
I want it to be simple and I can put it where I want and then size you just tweak over here so you go
and you can use the same center line to get it right and walla.
OK.
There you go.
I mean that's Pablos extremely simple That's the whole idea.
What is cool though is that they have 600000 images.
Canada has millions.
But again if you know you to make a clone you need to do it quickly.
This is an easy way to crank something out and just do it like this.
You can upload your own images.
That's cool.
And also if you use buffer you can directly post this onto your scheduling app.
Again talk about scheduling apps later.
Anyway this is what we're checking out.
I think it's a pretty easy way to make stuff that looks pretty sharp.
It's optimized for Instagram I think that's probably the biggest part about it.
It's a big time saver.
So the next larger.